V9 Configuration documentation (#3278)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/V9-Config/ImagingSettings/index-v9.md

update-links: true
---

# Imaging settings

Imaging settings lets you configure the caching settings, and resize settings for images on your project. If you need to configure allowed image file types, or auto fill image properties, you want to use [content settings](../ContentSettings/index-v9.md) instead.

All these settings contains default values, so nothing needs to be configured. A complete settings section for imaging can be seen here with all the default values:

```json
"Umbraco": {
  "CMS": {
    "Imaging": {
      "Cache": {
        "BrowserMaxAge": "7.00:00:00",
        "CacheMaxAge": "365.00:00:00",
        "CachedNameLength": 8,
        "CacheFolder": "..\\umbraco\\mediacache"
      },
      "Resize": {
        "MaxWidth": 5000,
        "MaxHeight": 5000
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Cache

Contains configuration for caching.

### Browser max age

Specifies how long an image may be stored in the browser cache before it gets renewed, formatted as a timespan. The default is seven days.

### Cache max age

This setting allows you to specify how long an image may be stored in the local cache before it gets renewed. Defaults to one year (365 days).

### Cache name length

> Whenever an image is cached it will be remamed with a randomly generated name, this setting allows you to change how long that name will be, by default 8 characters. It's worth mentioning here that cached images will be but in a series of sub folders based on their name, for instance a file with the name `abc1` will be put in `mediacahce/a/b/c/1`. This is done to mitigate the potential performance hit of having a very large amount of files in the same folder, so a longer cache name length will result in a deeper folder structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever an image is cached it will be renamed with a randomly generated name, this setting allows you to change how long that name will be, by default 8 characters. It's worth mentioning here that cached images will be but in a series of subfolders based on their name, for instance, a file with the name `abc1` will be put in `mediacahce/a/b/c/1`. This is done to mitigate the potential performance hit of having a very large amount of files in the same folder, so a longer cache name length will result in a deeper folder structure.
```
